updated LRTR page (#41)
ROvACC/training-docs: docs/source/airports/arad-tma/LRTR.rst

| Deicing         | on taxiway                    |
+-----------------+---------------+---------------+

Clearance
"""""""""

Both RNAV and conventional SIDs are available, but RNAV are highly recommended. Non standard departure shall be coordinated with APP unit.

Taxi
""""

Departing and arrived traffic shall be instructed to follow standard taxi routes available on AIP LR AD 2.16-10.

Stand assignments
"""""""""""""""""

It is generally at the discretion of the ATC.

+-------+--------+-------------------+
| Apron | Stands | Procedure         |
+-------+--------+-------------------+
| 1     | 1-7    | push-back only    |
+       +--------+-------------------+
|       | 8      | Marshaller signal |
|       |        | self maneuvering  |
+       +--------+-------------------+
|       | 9-14   | push-back only    |
+-------+--------+-------------------+

LVP
"""

During LVP, aircrafts shall be instructed to follow standard taxi routes with Follow Me guidance.

Traffic regulation
""""""""""""""""""

CTR Timisoara is classified as Class C Airspace where both IFR and VFR are allowed to enter.

CTR Timisoara lower limit is the ground level and the upper limit is 2500 ft AMSL (by QNH).

> VFR traffic circuits are allowed in the north side of the airport, at 1500 ft AMSL (by QNH). VFR traffic could be cleared to climb in TMA only by APP unit. A coordination between TWR and APP units shall be in force.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VFR traffic circuits are allowed on the north side of the airport, at max 1500 ft AMSL (by QNH). VFR traffic could be cleared to climb in TMA only by the APP unit. Coordination between TWR and APP units shall be in force.
```
